Validation: Duplicate alt text and missing description error fixes. (#1440)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/advanced/open-and-closed-curves-in-gdi.md

---
title: "Open and Closed Curves in GDI+"

> description: Learn more about how GDI+ handles open and closed curves with the System.Drawing.Graphics class and its methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn more about how GDI+ can create open and closed curves with the Graphics class and its methods.
```
